Cry if you want
I'll pretend I can't see
My shoulders will always belong to you
It's okay, it's okay, I'm here.
Oh, really?
That woman was kicked out by Chen Xunan
Why are you here?
Why are you surprised?
suyuan
You've done so much wrong
Aren't you afraid of ghosts knocking on the door in the middle of the night?
What did I do wrong?
If you don't leave
I didn't call the security guard such a police officer
I'll call the police.
Fine! Go get it
Go tell the police
How did you turn Mrs. Chen into a vegetable?
Mrs. Su Yuan Chen doesn't like you or me
But I'm not as serious as you are.
It's just disgusting
You swell, I'm no better than you
I'm just fighting for what I deserve.
From a poor man like you
You should stay in a corner for the rest of your life
Never mind what you can't get
Look how pitiful
If you had listened to me earlier
If you went farther away, this wouldn't happen today.
Why should I leave first?
I'll tell you what.
I will definitely take all the grievances I have suffered
All back to you
Goodbye!